README.rst, before:

translation-canary
-------------

Translations can crash your program. Creating software for a wide audience
means sending your strings away for translation, and giving up control of your
strings means that strings with extralinguistic content can come back broken.
No one is likely to even realize it until someone fires up your program in
Hungarian and it crashes because Gtk bombed out on some busted markup, and the
Hungarian speaker is sad, and you are sad, and everything is just the absolute
worst.

This is the canary in the translation coalmine.

There are two parts to this project:

translatable:
  This contains checks on the strings to be submitted for translation. This
  ensures that the content of the original strings marked for translation are
  suitable for translation. These tests are run on the POT file before
  uploading the POT or the updated PO files to the translators.

translated:
  This contains checks on the strings returned from the translators. This
  ensures that the content of the translated strings won't break anything.
  These tests are run on the source directory before creating a release.

Both translatable and translated are run by running the module
(e.g., `python3 -m translation_canary.translatable`) with the input file(s) as
the argument.

In addition to the python modules, this project contains xgettext_werror.sh, a
wrapper for xgettext that treats warnings as errors.  xgettext will print
warnings as it extracts translatable strings from source files, and these
warnings should be addressed instead of silently ignored as they scroll by in
the build output. To use the script in a package that uses the gettext template
files from autopoint or gettextize, set XGETTEXT=/path/to/xgettext_werror.sh in
Makevars.

Commit message:

Squashed 'translation-canary/' changes from 840c2d64..5bb81253
5bb81253 Merge pull request #8 from VladimirSlavik/master-readme-subtree
b8491107 Add subtree usage to readme
3a5b84bc Merge pull request #7 from VladimirSlavik/master-python-3.12
f80a7809 Update translation canary test loader for python 3.12
d6a40985 Merge pull request #6 from VladimirSlavik/master-shellcheck-fixes
2baf53f1 Fix ShellCheck issues in translation_canary
4d4e65b8 Merge pull request #5 from vojtechtrefny/master_merge-custom-changes
9b236dd5 Add pylint-log to .gitignore
ca3af687 Update list of projects to test after move from Zanata to Weblate
977bad1f Ignore fallback ITS rule warning from gettext
051b2ed5 Use "raise from" to link exceptions
ea40f61a Remove Zanata from translation canary
be9b933b Fix pylint errors in translation canary
fccbb1bf Switch the license to LGPL
3bc2ad68 Removed an extra space in the README
51ea9331 Fixed a couple license comments missing newlines.
5d068707 Revert "Add system-config-kickstart to the project list."
80e6c730 Add system-config-kickstart to the project list.

git-subtree-dir: translation-canary
git-subtree-split: 5bb81253b44b1facfacfe649067401c91cd08d9f

README.rst, after:

translation-canary
-------------

Translations can crash your program. Creating software for a wide audience
means sending your strings away for translation, and giving up control of your
strings means that strings with extralinguistic content can come back broken.
No one is likely to even realize it until someone fires up your program in
Hungarian and it crashes because Gtk bombed out on some busted markup, and the
Hungarian speaker is sad, and you are sad, and everything is just the absolute
worst.

This is the canary in the translation coalmine.

There are two parts to this project:

translatable:
  This contains checks on the strings to be submitted for translation. This
  ensures that the content of the original strings marked for translation are
  suitable for translation. These tests are run on the POT file before
  uploading the POT or the updated PO files to the translators.

translated:
  This contains checks on the strings returned from the translators. This
  ensures that the content of the translated strings won't break anything.
  These tests are run on the source directory before creating a release.

Both translatable and translated are run by running the module
(e.g., `python3 -m translation_canary.translatable`) with the input file(s) as
the argument.

In addition to the python modules, this project contains xgettext_werror.sh, a
wrapper for xgettext that treats warnings as errors. xgettext will print
warnings as it extracts translatable strings from source files, and these
warnings should be addressed instead of silently ignored as they scroll by in
the build output. To use the script in a package that uses the gettext template
files from autopoint or gettextize, set XGETTEXT=/path/to/xgettext_werror.sh in
Makevars.


Usage as a subtree
==================

Anaconda and Blivet use translation canary as a git subtree. If you need to
change the canary for these projects, follow these steps:

1. Make changes and test them in the context of your project.

2. Copy these changes to the ``translation-canary`` repo and make a pull
   request with these changes.

3. After that PR is merged, go to Anaconda or Blivet repo root and run::

     dnf install git-subtree
     git subtree pull --prefix translation-canary/ git@github.com:rhinstaller/translation-canary.git master --squash

   This produces a squash commit with some ancient parent, and then also
   a merge commit that merges the squash commit into your current ``HEAD``.

4. Make a topic branch and PR for merging what you got into your project. For
   the purpose of making branches and PRs, the commits above are not special
   in any way.

Note: There is no way to detect subtree presence, it behaves as regular files
and directories.
